[docs] Add initial documentation for read-write mode (#3951)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/operators-guide/architecture/deployment-modes/index.md

[//]: # "Diagram source at https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LemaTVqa4Lf_tpql060vVoDGXrthp-Pie_SQL7qwHjc/edit#slide=id.g11658e7e4c6_1_53"

![Mimir's microservices mode](microservices-mode.svg)

## Read-Write mode

> **Warning:**

> > Read-Write deployment mode is currently considered experimental and not ready for production use.

Reviewer: [nit] I would smooth it. We're already running it in production at a small scale ;) 

```suggestion
> Read-Write deployment mode is currently considered experimental.
```

The read-write mode provides a middle ground as an alternative to monolithic and microservices.

> In read-write mode, components are grouped into just three services to ease the operational overhead whilst still allowing scale to be tuned separately on the read and write paths.

Reviewer: I would expand this, adding a list with the 3 services, and for each of them, list the components running it. Same info in the diagram, but to explicit it in text too.

[//]: # "Diagram source at https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/18Qfl-H9On9zi2IRVX-rLawbpQPRcMcI0xh5uwyUjlak"

> ![Mimir's read-write deployment mode](read-write-mode.svg)

Reviewer: In the diagram, please rename "scheduler" to "query-scheduler".

[//]: # "Diagram source at https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LemaTVqa4Lf_tpql060vVoDGXrthp-Pie_SQL7qwHjc/edit#slide=id.g11658e7e4c6_1_53"

![Mimir's microservices mode](microservices-mode.svg)

## Read-Write mode

> **Warning:**
> Read-Write deployment mode is currently considered experimental.

> The read-write mode provides a middle ground as an alternative to monolithic and microservices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The read-write mode provides an alternative to monolithic and microservices modes.
```
Please vet for technical accuracy. I think "middle ground" is filler text.

> In read-write mode, components are grouped into just three services to ease the operational overhead whilst still allowing scale to be tuned separately on the read and write paths. The services group the components as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In read-write mode, components are grouped into three services to ease the operational overhead whilst still allowing scale to be tuned separately on the read and write paths. The services group the components as follows:
```

> 1. read
>    - query-frontend
>    - querier
> 2. backend
>    - store-gateway
>    - compactor
>    - ruler
>    - alertmanager
>    - query-scheduler
>    - overrides-exporter
> 3. write
>    - distributor
>    - ingester

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- read
   - query-frontend
   - querier
- backend
   - store-gateway
   - compactor
   - ruler
   - alertmanager
   - query-scheduler
   - overrides-exporter
- write
   - distributor
   - ingester
```

Reviewer 2: These are lists of items that do not need to be performed in a task. (Assume the reader can count in such a situation that is tempting to add numbers.)

> Similar to the other modes, each Grafana Mimir process is invoked with its `-target` parameter set to the specific service (for example, `-target=read`, `-target=write`, or `-target=backend`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the other modes, each Grafana Mimir process is invoked with its `-target` parameter set to the specific service: `-target=read`, `-target=write`, or `-target=backend`.
```
